Clinton's State Department was getting pressure
from President Obama and his White House inner
circle, as well as heads of state
internationally, to try and cutoff Assange’s
delivery of the cables and if that effort
failed, then to forge a strategy to minimize the
administration’s public embarrassment over the
contents of the cables. Hence, Clinton’s early
morning November meeting of State’s top brass
who floated various proposals to stop, slow or
spin the Wikileaks contamination. That is when a
frustrated Clinton, sources said, at some point
blurted out a controversial query.

ee offering a simple remedy to silence

Assange and smother Wikileaks via a planned
military drone strike, according to State
Department sources. The statement drew laughter
from the room which quickly died off when the
Secretary kept talking in a terse manner
sources said. Clinton said Assange, after all,
was a relatively soft target, “walking around”
freely and thumbing his nose without any fear of
reprisals from the United States.
