camjpg (1

A| | Alle herorheben

® Marc jr

GroB-/Kleinschreibung

Forbes

woefully, woefully inferior character” and wrote that “for every
Feynman or Lorentz, [there are] 100 pen-pushing wretches
scratching each other's eyes out in academic committees or building
better bombs for the DSTO (Defence Science & Technology
Organisation), who had provided everyone with a bag, embossed with
their logo, which most physicists pathetically lugged about with pride

and ignorance.”

At the time, as Assange later recounted to The Age, the Applied
Maths program at the university had received funding from the U.S.
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (ta ESSDLNG2.0y
Assange believed (inaccurately, according to the department's staff)

that money would ultimately go toward improving the design of the
Grizzly fw, a military bulldozer used in the first Iraq War and
designed to sweep away barbed wire and sand at more than thirty-
five miles per hour. The Jlqw, as Assange described it, filled the
trenches inhabited by enemy troops, rolling over them and burying
them alive like an accelerated version of Tim May's father’s bunker-
burying bulldozer from World War II.

Assange was disgusted by what he saw as the military’s influence on
campus and bored by formal education. If his classmates had asked
about his past, they would have realized how little he had in common
with them: In his three decades, he had already gone toe-to-toe with
major corporations and the Pentagon as one of the world’s top
pseudonymous hackers, been convicted of digital felonies, wandered
Australia as a homeless vagrant, traveled to dozens of countries, run
a business on the early Internet, co-written a memoir, devised an

innovative crypto system, and, perhaps most significantly, received

Algente GanzeWerter 1 von 4 Ubereinstimmungen
